added THINGS, floc and retino to DATASETS doc (#125)
courtois-neuromod/cneuromod_docs: source/DATASETS.md

## Participants

Six healthy participants (aged 31 to 47 at the time of recruitment in 2018), 3 women (`sub-03`, `sub-04` and `sub-06`) and 3 men (`sub-01`, `sub-02` and `sub-05`) consented to participate in the Courtois Neuromod Project for at least 5 years. Three of the participants reported being native francophone speakers (`sub-01`, `sub-02` and `sub-04`), one as being a native anglophone (`sub-06`) and two as bilingual native speakers (`sub-03` and `sub-05`).   All participants reported the right hand as being their dominant hand and reported being in good general health.

Exclusion criteria included visual or auditory impairments that would prevent participants from seeing and/or hearing stimuli in the scanner and major psychiatric or neurological problems. Standard exclusion criteria for MRI and MEG were also applied. Lastly, given that all stimuli and instructions are presented in English, all participants had to report having an advanced comprehension of the English language for inclusion.

## anat

> The anatomical dataset includes longitudinal anatomical images of the brain and upper spinal cord at an approximate rate of 4 sessions a year. The primary intended use of this dataset is to monitor the structural stability of the brain of participants for the duration of the study. Many quantitative measures of brain structure can also be derived and included in analyses, such as gray matter morphometry, tractography or measures of myelination. Cortical flat maps cut with TkSurfer 6.0.0 are provided with the freesurfer derivatives for visualization.

Author: all 6 subjects have the files to build flat maps! 3 subjects who did the vision localizer tasks fLoc and retinotopy have annotated flat maps w ROIs drawn manually. 
- Flat patches were added to the anat.freesufer repo w a manual to use them (import in pycortex, draw ROIs w inkscape): https://github.com/courtois-neuromod/anat.freesurfer/blob/main/doc/flatmaps.md 
- There's also the anat.pycortex repo to visualize data on flat maps using pycortex: https://github.com/courtois-neuromod/anat.pycortex

Linking to specific repositories is one thing that the doc doesn't do consistently at the moment (my sense is it was intended to be high level). Should we agree on a manner to do this? Each dataset has multiple repos with raw and preprocessed data, stimuli, plus the scripts to run the task and the derivatives...

For each functional run, a companion file `_events.tsv` contains the timing and duration of each trial, the identity of the image shown, the condition (seen/unseen), whether the image was repeated between and/or within session, the subject's response and whether it was correct, the delay and number of trials since the last presentation (for repeating items), and metrics of fixation compliance derived from eye-tracking data. Available trial annotations are described [here](https://github.com/courtois-neuromod/things_memory_results/blob/marie_dev/src/behav_data/events_descriptors_wEyetrack.json)

:::{important}

> A few sessions were accidentally administered out of the planed order, introducing atypical patterns of repetition for images shown during/after those sessions. Users may want to exclude these sessions from analyses that depend on repetition patterns or memory performance. These include `ses-024`, `ses-025` and `ses-026` for `sub-03`, and `ses-019` to `ses-026` (inclusively) for `sub-06`. fMRI data from `run 6` of `sub-06`'s `ses-008` are excluded from the dataset due to poor brain alignment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A few sessions were accidentally administered out of the planned order, introducing atypical patterns of repetition for images shown during/after those sessions. Users may want to exclude these sessions from analyses that depend on repetition patterns or memory performance. These include `ses-024`, `ses-025` and `ses-026` for `sub-03`, and `ses-019` to `ses-026` (inclusively) for `sub-06`. fMRI data from `run 6` of `sub-06`'s `ses-008` are excluded from the dataset due to mistakenly positionned MRI field-of-view.
```
brain alignment could refer to many different things, but mainly evoke preprocessing issue. If I am correct this is more a FoV placement issue.

:::

## retinotopy

Three participants (`sub-01`, `sub-02`, `sub-03`) completed multiple sessions (6 for `sub-01` and `sub-02`, 5 for `sub-03`) of a retinotopy task adapted from [Kay et al. (2013)](https://doi.org/10.1152/jn.00105.2013) and implemented in Psychopy. This task was designed to derive population receptive field (pFR) properties at the voxel level and to delineate ROIs from the early visual cortex.

Each session included three 5-minutes functional runs, each of which used a different aperture shape : `ring`, `bar` or `wedge`. A run included eight cycles during which an aperture moved slowly across the stimulated visual field to reveal a portion of visual pattern designed to drive both low-level and high-level visual areas. Patterns were drawn randomly at a rate of 15 fps from the [Human Connectome Project retinotopy stimuli](https://doi.org/10.1167/18.13.23) (downloaded [here](http://kendrickkay.net/analyzePRF)).

> The stimulated visual field was a circular area with a diameter corresponding to 10 degrees of visual angle. `ring` runs featured a thick circle aperture that expanded from and contracted toward the screen center. `wedge` runs featured a wedge aperture rotating clockwise and counter-clockwise. `bar` runs featured a wide bar aperture sweeping across the screen in 8 different directions. Participants fixated their gaze on a central dot and pressed a button whenever the dot changed color.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The stimulated visual field was a circular area with a diameter corresponding to 10 degrees of visual angle. `ring` runs featured a thick circle aperture that expanded from and contracted toward the screen center. `wedge` runs featured a wedge aperture rotating clockwise and counter-clockwise. `bar` runs featured a wide bar aperture sweeping across the screen in 8 different directions. Participants fixated their gaze on a central dot and pressed a button whenever the dot changed color (alternating between blue and orange).
```
